cinema synopses spoiler alert in the
small town of spurbury vermont v vermont
state highway troopers spend their days
messing with the people they pull over
you smell some rabbit fear and hazing
rabbit their newest recruit
come on thorny you're losing to the
rookie Oh
while they spend most of their time
being lazy and pulling pranks they are
faced with a dilemma when the state
decides to cut their funding which would
result in them losing their jobs and we
keep up these low numbers we're gonna
get the big ugly axe an opportunity
arises for the state troopers to prove
themselves worthy to the state when a
murder in their jurisdiction is found to
be connected with a major drug smuggling
ring they have that red giant chimpo
sticker on them if they can take the
drug smuggling ring down they could
potentially save their jobs we need as
much police as we can get the state
troopers is efforts to track down the
drug smuggling ring is constantly
challenged by their rivals the spurbury
police department on a few occasions the
state troopers get into a fistfight with
the local police which increases the
chance that they will lose their jobs
and get into a battle royale with the
locals at a crime scene - the troopers
is dismay the local police find a way to
take credit for the confiscation of
smuggled drugs that the troopers
themselves had discovered first the
troopers decide that they have been
defeated and accept that their jobs are
as good as gone huh I applied for a
guard job at the post office
however they then accidentally discover
while on a drunken rampage that the
local police
are actually accomplices to you and
mules for the drug smuggling ring
running protection for of this primetime
crash
the troopers decide to group up and take
the local police and the drug smuggling
ring down once and for all close your
station he did not see that coming
despite their great victories the
troopers ultimately lose their jobs in
the end we see them seemingly having
taken up a new career as beer delivery
workers however it is revealed that they
have replaced the original local police
squad and are continuing their
shenanigans as always
[Music]
[Applause]
keep watching for some fun Easter eggs
and trivia from Super Troopers the scene
where ramathorn is typing on the
computer and saying repeatedly is an
homage to Harrison Ford in Blade Runner
looking for clues in a photo in the
syrup chugging scene in the diner the
first few takes were done with the
actors drinking thick iced tea from
syrup containers but the iced tea didn't
look realistic enough real syrup was
brought in and the actors then did
several takes in which they actually
chugged entire bottles of syrup these
are the takes you see in the close-ups
however some wide shots with the iced
tea were kept in Jim Gaffigan plays the
motorists named Larry Johnson during the
cat game scene in 2009 Jim Gaffigan was
on Law & Order as a murder suspect named
Larry Johnson
[Music]
you